Doc: move existing links from 'silx.org' to 'readthedocs' (#4612)
silx-kit/silx: doc/source/overview.rst

- `Wheels and source code on PyPi <https://pypi.org/project/silx/>`_
- `Conda package on conda-forge channel <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/silx>`_
- Windows application installer `on github release page <https://github.com/silx-kit/silx/releases/latest/>`_ (available in the `Assets` at the bottom).

> - `Documentation on silx.org <https://silx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Documentation on Read The Docs <https://silx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
```
